README.md, before:

# CS52 Bootstrap Workshop

![](http://jpcamara.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Bootstrap-Delay.gif)

Welcome to the CS52 workshop session on Bootstrap.  During this workshop, you will learn the basics of using
the Bootstrap framework by using it to create a clean, responsive, and mobile friendly web page.

## Workshop Overview

For this workshop, you will be asked to incorporate many of the components of Bootstrap into a simple website.
Your challenge, should you choose to accept it (lol) is:

    Take the poorly-formatted and un-styled html that we have provided for you in this workshop
    and use Bootstrap to turn it into a masterpiece, without using any CSS.

In order to complete the challenge, follow these steps

* [Set up Bootstrap](#setup)
* [Create the Nav Bar](#nav-bar)
* [Use a Jumbotron for the Header](#jumbotron)
* [Encapsulate Content in a Grid Layout](#grid-layout)

## Setup

Setting up bootstrap is simple - all you have to do is link it into the html from a CDN.  For example,
you can link in Bootstrap by including the following lines in the <head> of your HTML:

![](https://onlineacademiccommunity.uvic.ca/shauer/wp-content/uploads/sites/1083/2015/04/cdn_gspage.jpg)

## Nav Bar

To get started, we will begin by setting up a simple nav-bar for the site.  Bootstrap provides many
different classes that can be used to customize a nav bar.  To customize the nav bar using Bootstrap,
incorporate Bootstrap classes into the <nav></nav> section of the HTML.  For some examples, use the
W3Schools tutorial [here](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/bootstrap_navbar.asp).

## Jumbotron

Bootstrap includes a Jumbotron class that can be used to format a page header - this class is prominent
and can be used at the top of a page.  To create the jumbotron, incorporate the Bootstrap jumbotron
class into the div class entitled "page header"

## Grid Layout

The HTML that we have provided for you is laid out vertically.  Use the Bootstrap preset grid layout to
align the content in an arrangement that is more visually appealing.


![screen shots are helpful](img/screenshot.png)

:sunglasses: GitHub markdown files [support emoji notation](http://www.emoji-cheat-sheet.com/)

Here's a resource for [github markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Wrap-Up Discussion Section

(~5-10 minutes)

* lead short discussion
* answer questions
* individual teams share results

Commit message:

Deleted image of CDN linking code to actual text, along with the meta viewport tag to ensure responsiveness

README.md, after:

# CS52 Bootstrap Workshop

![](http://jpcamara.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Bootstrap-Delay.gif)

Welcome to the CS52 workshop session on Bootstrap.  During this workshop, you will learn the basics of using
the Bootstrap framework by using it to create a clean, responsive, and mobile friendly web page.

## Workshop Overview

For this workshop, you will be asked to incorporate many of the components of Bootstrap into a simple website.
Your challenge, should you choose to accept it (lol) is:

    Take the poorly-formatted and un-styled html that we have provided for you in this workshop
    and use Bootstrap to turn it into a masterpiece, without using any CSS.

In order to complete the challenge, follow these steps

* [Set up Bootstrap](#setup)
* [Create the Nav Bar](#nav-bar)
* [Use a Jumbotron for the Header](#jumbotron)
* [Encapsulate Content in a Grid Layout](#grid-layout)

## Setup

Setting up bootstrap is simple - all you have to do is link it into the html from a CDN.  For example,
you can link in Bootstrap by including the following lines in the <head> of your HTML:

`<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.7/css/bootstrap.min.css">`

Also, to ensure proper rendering and touch zooming, add the following `<meta>` tag inside the `<head>` element:

`<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">`

## Nav Bar

To get started, we will begin by setting up a simple nav-bar for the site.  Bootstrap provides many
different classes that can be used to customize a nav bar.  To customize the nav bar using Bootstrap,
incorporate Bootstrap classes into the <nav></nav> section of the HTML.  For some examples, use the
W3Schools tutorial [here](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/bootstrap_navbar.asp).

## Jumbotron

Bootstrap includes a Jumbotron class that can be used to format a page header - this class is prominent
and can be used at the top of a page.  To create the jumbotron, incorporate the Bootstrap jumbotron
class into the div class entitled "page header"

## Grid Layout

The HTML that we have provided for you is laid out vertically.  Use the Bootstrap preset grid layout to
align the content in an arrangement that is more visually appealing.


![screen shots are helpful](img/screenshot.png)

:sunglasses: GitHub markdown files [support emoji notation](http://www.emoji-cheat-sheet.com/)

Here's a resource for [github markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Wrap-Up Discussion Section

(~5-10 minutes)

* lead short discussion
* answer questions
* individual teams share results
